---
layout: single
title: "Meeting Calendar"
---


### Tuesday June 22nd 2021, 12 p.m. EST

Our next scheduled event is a Lunch & Learn on Tuesday June 22nd at 12 noon
EST.  Please add the attached invitation to your calendar. We will be watching
a pre-recorded (available on YouTube) TidyTuesday data analysis walkthrough by
Julia Silge using principal components analysis on hip hop lyrics.  We will
have some time for questions and discussion afterwards.  We hope this will
provide everyone an opportunity to learn new programming techniques in R
together.



###### BeginneR Resources

We wanted to make sure that we're giving appropriate attention to our audience
who are R beginners or novices. While we're getting more talks lined up, we
would like to have a workshop for any R beginners who would like to attend. If
you're interested in attending an Introduction to R workshop, please use the
link below to let us know what times would work best for you.

<https://harvard.az1.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_2bm1q1wqGqQ5jP8>

Additionally, the Institute for Quantitative Social Sciences at Harvard (IQSS)
has created an excellent R beginner's guide, to which we have linked below. We
hope this can serve as a resource for all the new useRs in the group!

<https://iqss.github.io/dss-workshops/Rintro.html>


# Past Events

### Thursday June 10th 2021, 5 p.m. 

<a href="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RUG-at-HDSI/meeting_materials/master/2021_06_10/flyer.pdf">
<img src="/assets/images/2021_06_10_flyer.png" />
</a>

The inaugural meeting of the R User Group (RUG) will be on June 10th at 5 p.m..
RUG seeks to connect users of the statistical programming language R in the
greater Harvard community. We look forward to welcoming all those interested in
R, from beginners to experts! We will be presenting a short presentation of
some unique applications of R and discussing what members would like to see in
the group. 

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Hello, World! We are very excited to announce our first meeting on June 10th at 5 p.m. EST. Come learn about some unique applications of R and help determine the vision for our group! <a href="https://t.co/OAUhK0jfLH">https://t.co/OAUhK0jfLH</a> <a href="https://t.co/iiw03lgzYa">pic.twitter.com/iiw03lgzYa</a></p>&mdash; HDSI R User Group (@RUGatHDSI) <a href="https://twitter.com/RUGatHDSI/status/1397258982251712512?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">May 25, 2021</a></blockquote> <script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script> 


We have also uploaded the recording of our first meeting to our YouTube
channel. If you were unable to join us for the live meeting, we hope that this
recording will serve as an introduction to RUG at HDSI.


<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/EawEjgeYi8Q" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

Our slide-deck is available online on GitHub here:

<https://github.com/RUG-at-HDSI/meeting_materials/blob/master/2021_06_10/slides.pdf>

You can also check out the results of the Menti survey we did online together here:

<https://github.com/RUG-at-HDSI/meeting_materials/blob/master/2021_06_10/menti%20results.pdf>

Thank you so much to all of our members who filled out our new member Qualtrics survey. 

We've visualized the results below: 

![barchart of how interested participants indicated they were in different topics](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RUG-at-HDSI/meeting_materials/master/2021_06_10/survey%20results%20bar%20chart.png)

![density plot of interest in topics; interest was highest in talks on statistical modeling and other programming techniques](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/RUG-at-HDSI/meeting_materials/master/2021_06_10/survey%20results%20density%20ridges.png)
